>> Sarah Drasner: So Types of Prototypes.
There are actually a number of ways
that you can create prototypes.
One of them is called Thumbnails.
And thumbnails are kind of similar to
what you did a little bit earlier today.
But they're a little bit messier,
thumbnails are messages to yourself.
And they're not really intended to
communicate with anyone but you.
It's a really quick scribbling drawing so
that you can understand something really
quick and toss out ideas really fast.
So you can ot something down,
put something in a corner.
Some of the thumbnails that I've made,
I don't even remember what they're for,
[LAUGH].
I look at them, and
I'm like, what is this?
Did the dogs make this, this is crazy.
Storyboards are one step
up in fidelity from there.
So once you've made a few thumbnails,
you can toss those ideas out and
make something a little
bit higher fidelity so
you can explain some concepts
to coworkers and stuff.
What I like about the thumbnails is
that there's such a low commitment.
So you don't feel bad
about trashing an idea.
So you really wanna get into this thing
of like this idea is not valuable,
and I'm not so
attached to it that if I decided to go in
a different direction it's a big deal.
You want it to be very
disposable at this stage.
Storyboards have a slightly
higher commitment because you're
actually making them in a way
that you can communicate.
But they don't have to be super crazy,
either.
I used to think of storyboards and
I'm like I'm not gonna make a comic book
before I make an animation or user flow,
that sounds like a lot of work.
So maybe make it just enough fidelity
to people to kinda understand
where you are coming from and know higher,
again if they wanna throw that idea out
that's okay you are not like crying
sin you soup later, that evening.
I quite like making low
fidelity prototypes.
I made this for a client once because,
they had some concepts that they had for
how we should do a welcoming user flow.
You know when you go to Slack and
you first join and
it shows you a bunch of things.
So I was doing this kind of like, well,
we could show it this way and this way and
this way and I made this in code and
animated it.
It's like an SVG animation, but
it's super low fidelity, right?
If tomorrow they were like no,
I don't want that, no big deal.
However, if they did want that, since
it's in code I could steal the eases and
some of the animation and make it fix it
up a little bit for production kind of.
And I know that the eases are the same
thing that they wanted too.
So it can be a really effective way
of communicating without building
everything into an entire system.
Some systems are actually really,
I worked on some applications that
are really big for really big clients,
where they have all sorts of legacy code.
You're pulling through React and Angular,
[LAUGH] and it's like, is that Backbone?
My God, [LAUGH] and so
you don't necessarily want to in order to
show an animation,
go through all of those layers and
really figure it out before
showing a concept, right?
Even if you have a dove branch.
So, other people make low-fi
prototypes on code pen two.
This one by Yoseph Becker is really
cool because it is actually interactive.
So that little hand,
that's me actually going through
this pen and moving things around.
So, that's an effective way of
showing what a gesture might look
like to a client.
They get the idea of what
that might look like.
I also do more high fidelity prototype,
so here's an example.
It's not in the whole code base again,
it's just a small piece.
But I make all of the little pieces so
that they can see how that one
thing might work once it was built.
And if they like it, then again, I clean
it up and make it a little bit more.
I mean in this case, it's a React
component so I could kinda put it in, and
work with it that way, right?
>> Sarah Drasner: You can also do
stuff like screenshot the site and
absolutely position just the piece
that you're trying to animate.
I used to have a really
good example of this,
but I think I'm probably not
allowed to show it anymore.
I just haven't to ask them instead of
like having everything like putting
it all into your code base you can
screenshot the site and then absolutely
position just what you need to show, and
then they really get the sense of it.
And the funny thing about that one is,
like, showing this to CEOs,
like they really believe it's the site,
so then they're like,
have you ever seen someone walk
into a glass window or something?
They're like, wait,
why can't I click on it?
I'm like, it's just a screenshot, man.